README.md, before:


<h1><b>Movie Explorer - Test Project for Front End Challenge</b></h1>




___________
How to Run:
___________
- This project uses github pages to host so just go to <TBC>

- If you want to run locally:
    - Make sure you have node and npm installed
    - in a terminal in the movie-explorer directory type:
        - npm install
        - npm run dev
    - then go to the localhost address

________________
Technical Notes:
________________
- Uses the Vue3 <script setup> syntax which is simpler than the old way with "export default .." for single file components
   - See the vue documentation for more details https://vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup      
     
- Typescript is used for the scripting language
    - This allows the use of interfaces, strong typing, and is easier to maintain and to read than js.
 
- The project was set up with Vite build tool and dev server 
    - this makes the build really fast, with hot reload
    - more lightweight than webpack
 
- Http requests use axios instead of the native fetch API
    - the requests are simpler, less lines of code,
    - query param support built in and automatic JSON parsing

____________
Style Notes:
____________
- Different colours for light and dark mode
- Responsive to different screen sizes
- I tried to make it pretty

_______________
For the Future:
_______________
 - Things still to add but I thought would take too long (could come back to this in the future as as a front end learning project):
    - Using a UI library -> I just used standard css but getting to know the libraries available and how to use them would be good to do in the future
    - PWA Extension
    - Unit tests
    - Thoroughly examine the Vue style guide to implement best practices https://vuejs.org/style-guide/rules-essential.html

Commit message:

added vuetify to project and converted the movie details popup to use vuetify components

README.md, after:


<h1><b>Movie Explorer - Test Project for Front End Challenge</b></h1>




___________
How to Run:
___________
- This project uses github pages to host so just go to <TBC>

- If you want to run locally:
    - Make sure you have node and npm installed
    - in a terminal in the movie-explorer directory type:
        - npm install
        - npm run dev
    - then go to the localhost address

________________
Technical Notes:
________________
- Uses the Vue3 <script setup> syntax which is simpler than the old way with "export default .." for single file components
   - See the vue documentation for more details https://vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup      
     
- Typescript is used for the scripting language
    - This allows the use of interfaces, strong typing, and is easier to maintain and to read than js.
 
- The project was set up with Vite build tool and dev server     
    - this makes the build really fast, with hot reload
    - more lightweight than webpack
    - Vite was made by Evan You who created vue.js - these work well together
 
- Http requests use axios instead of the native fetch API
    - the requests are simpler, less lines of code,
    - query param support built in and automatic JSON parsing

- TODO - Using PWA to allow the user the add the site to thier home screen and save data offline 
    - previous searches will load even if they are not connected to the internet

- TODO - unit testing using Vitest
    - This is reccomended in the Vue documentation https://vuejs.org/guide/scaling-up/testing 
    - Based on vite which is already used in this project

- TODO - double check vue best practices are used from here:
    - https://v2.vuejs.org/v2/style-guide/
    - https://medium.com/@ignatovich.dm/vue-3-best-practices-cb0a6e281ef4

____________
Style Notes:
____________
- TODO Using Vuetify UI Library
    - This uses Google's Material Design speciifcations which have become a staple of web design
    - Vuetify is specifically for Vue - easy to set up and use with vue components and works with both TS and JS versions
    - Vuetify is free open source software on the MIT license
        - This allows it for both personal and commercial use with no cost
        - It also means it can be modified - if we wanted to alter a component for our own purposes we could just take a fork from their github repo   https://github.com/vuetifyjs/vuetify


______________________________________________
Misc Notes:
______________________________________________
- I added Vuetify after already setting up the project with vite first which is the hard way of doing it (need to manually install sass, edit configs, main.ts etc to get vuetify working)
    - In the future if using vuetify it is better to set up the whole project with vite and vuetify in one go, as per the "Using Vite" section in the instructions here: https://vuetifyjs.com/en/getting-started/installation/
        - this sets everything up without needing manual edits or extra manual package installs
    - There is a known bug where directly importing 'vuetify/styles' doesn't work when adding vuetify to an exisitng project, which is not an issue when creating the project with vuetify 
        - see https://github.com/vuetifyjs/vue-cli-plugins/issues/303  and https://www.reddit.com/r/vuejs/comments/1i4zee2/cannot_find_module_vuetifystyles_or_its/  (I got this bug and had to import vuetify/styles/main.css)
